Add docs for plugin-transform-react-jsx-development (#2846)
babel/website: docs/plugin-transform-react-jsx.md

This plugin is included in `@babel/preset-react`
:::

> This plugin generates production-ready js codes. If you are developing a React app on a development environment, please use [`@babel/plugin-transform-react-jsx-development`](./plugin-transform-react-jsx-development.md) for better debugging experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin generates production-ready JS code. If you are developing a React app in a development environment, please use [`@babel/plugin-transform-react-jsx-development`](./plugin-transform-react-jsx-development.md) for a better debugging experience.
```
